hey everyone its Shannon from glamor
Wonderland and today I wanted to talk
about my best breakup fighting products
these are products that I use to help
prevent breakouts as well as treat them
I have combination oily skin and I
typically get hormonal breakouts as well
as cystic breakouts along my jawline
that are really frustrating so these are
products that I've been using that have
really been helping for me so I guess I
will go ahead and get started
the first thing that I like to do is to
wash my face with organic raw honey and
even though that seems really weird
honey has antibacterial properties that
are great for preventing breakouts and
this has made such a huge difference in
my skin I've gotten a lot less cystic
breakouts especially along my jawline
while using this and the way that I do
it is I just put I'll splash my face
first with a little bit of water and
then I'll put a little bit into my
fingertips and just rub it around just
like a normal face cleanser and then I
just wipe it off with a washcloth and it
leaves my face feeling really soft and
hydrated but not oily at all and I've
actually noticed since I've been using
this I don't have as much of a problem
with getting oil along my t-zone or
anything like that so it's really helped
to keep my skin in balance as well as
helped to prevent breakouts the best
spot treatment that I've tried is Mario
Badescu 's drying lotion this is
seriously like magic in a bottle it will
literally dry up any pimples that you
get almost overnight almost completely
overnight the way that you use it is you
just take a q-tip and dip it into the
solution down at the bottom so it kind
of looks like a powdery substances on
the bottom and it's a mixture of sulfur
and salicylic acid and calamine so
you're gonna have little pink dots all
over you kind of like you looked
whenever you had chickenpox when you're
younger but it makes a huge difference I
just put it on at night dotted on any
breakouts that I have and then by the
time you wake up in the morning they're
either almost gone completely or
completely gone this is something that I
can never go without and I highly
recommend trying it the next thing is my
favorite exfoliating scrub for
preventing breakouts and it's from derma
e it's called the very clear scrub anti
blemish complex with tea tree and willow
bark and teacher
a great antibacterial property for
preventing breakouts and a scrub is good
to use to help get rid of any dead skin
cells that will cause blackheads or
anything like that and I like to use
this when I don't have any active
breakouts because sometimes if you use a
physical exfoliator which is something
that has granules in it when you have
active breakouts then it can spread the
bacteria around and kind of do opposite
of what you want it to do so try to use
this when you don't have any breakouts
or any kind of physical exfoliator when
you don't have any active breakouts but
this is great for getting rid of dead
skin cells and it just leaves your skin
really soft and smooth and I've tried a
lot of other exfoliator --zz before but
I keep going back to this one just
because the tea tree is really effective
in preventing breakouts and killing any
bacteria the best face masks that I've
tried for preventing breakouts is the
Freeman anti stress mask with dead sea
minerals this is a great mask at
cleansing your pores and purifying your
skin dead sea minerals is great for
helping to clear out any blackheads or
anything like that I like this too
because it's bright blue which looks
really funny whatever you have it on it
also has lavender so it's really
soothing I've used other dead sea
mineral masks before that have just left
my skin feeling really tight and
uncomfortable and this one doesn't do
that at all it makes your skin feel
really balanced and not too tight or too
dry like a lot of clay masks tend to do
another good thing about this mask is
it's great for sensitive skin I get a
lot of redness on my forehead and on my
cheeks just from my skin being a little
bit inflamed and this has really helped
to calm and soothe that as well so it's
kind of a two-in-one if you have
sensitive skin and breakout prone this
is a really good masks to try and the
last thing that I like to do to prevent
breakouts is actually not a product but
it's a tea it's the yogi skin detox tea
which is helps to support a healthy glow
it has green tea which is full of
antioxidants it also has dandelion root
so it helps to kind of detoxify and
cleanse from the inside out which really
makes a big difference in your skin I
can always tell whenever I have too much
sugar or anything like that I end up
getting a lot more breakouts than normal
so this has kind of helped to keep my
skin in balance
it also has hibiscus and rose petals so
it tastes really good as well so if
you're not a big fan of drinking tea
this doesn't have that kind of weird
herbal taste that a lot of herbal teas
do this one actually tastes really good
so you can find this at any grocery
store and I highly recommend trying it
ever since I've been drinking it I've
seen a huge difference in my skin okay
so those are all of my favorite break
out fighting products I would love to
hear what some of yours are so please
feel free to leave those down below and
I hope that you guys enjoy this video
and I will see you next time bye hey
guys thanks for watching and welcome to
our new this or that end card game which
yummy look did you like better
new girl Zooey Deschanel's powder blue
or madman's Kiernan Shipka floral look
we'll keep track of the clicks and let
you know who won in future video
descriptions and on the Polish TV
website thanks for watching and don't
forget to be extraordinary